in order to remove the overhead control
panel first of all we have to remove the
mirror before we can actually remove the
mirror there are two plastic covers that
have to be taken off first first one is
found by inserting a wedge here
popping it down it'll just hang the
second is removed by prying against the
windshield on each side in order to
remove the mirror grasp it on the right
side and pull down toward the left and
allow it to hang the first step in
removing the overhead control panel
itself is to press in these two buttons
at the rear
as you can see there are many printed
foil circuits here the first one that
has tension on it is the one that goes
to the combination rein light sensor so
let's disconnect that one first so we
don't have any worries next we need to
remove the connectors for the rear-view
mirror here is the first and there's the
second now we have the rest of the
connectors the overhead control panel